[This Paper References]: 

night
street
travel


[Frequencies]: 

Keyword: night (occurrences: 2)
{'evening': 1, 'night': 1}

Keyword: street (occurrences: 2)
{'street': 2}

Keyword: travel (occurrences: 6)
{'travel': 0, 'retreat': 1, 'go': 4, 'come': 1}



[N-Gram Queries]: 

N-Gram: you and i
Found at Token(s): [5]



[Bi-Gram Queries]: 

Bi-Gram: let u
Found at Token(s): [0, 26, 80]



[Concordances]: 

--- Keyword: night ------------------------------

[evening, 11]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To

[night, 40]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit . In the room

--- Keyword: street ------------------------------

[street, 33]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and

[street, 51]:
go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit . In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo .

--- Keyword: travel ------------------------------

[come, 93]:
hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit . In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo .

[go, 2]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that

[go, 28]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ?

[go, 82]:
streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit . In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo .

[go, 95]:
sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit . In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo .

[retreat, 37]:
Let us go then , you and I , When the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table ; Let us go , through certain half-deserted streets , The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells : Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question ... Oh , do not ask , 'What is it ? ' Let us go and make our visit .



